Documentation cleanup/fixes (#305)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-dotnet: msal-dotnet-articles/how-to/token-cache-serialization.md

#Customer intent: As an application developer, I want to learn about token cache serialization so I can have fine-grained control of the proxy.
---

# Token cache serialization

After Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) [acquires a token](/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-acquire-cache-tokens), it caches that token. Public client applications (desktop and mobile apps) should try to get a token from the cache before acquiring a token by another method. Acquisition methods on confidential client applications manage the cache themselves. This article discusses default and custom serialization of the token cache in MSAL.NET.

> ## Token cache types

Reviewer: I would put this section at the bottom of the page. The token cache types are ideally abstracted away from the developers when either the static cache or Identity Web caches are used, and only matters when custom caching is used, which is not recommended anyway.

MSAL.NET operates with two types of token caches - **user** and **application**.

> The **application token cache** holds access tokens for this application. It's maintained and updated silently when calling [AcquireTokenForClient](xref:Microsoft.Identity.Client.ConfidentialClientApplication.AcquireTokenForClient(System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable{System.String})).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **application token cache** holds access tokens and refresh tokens for an application. It's maintained and updated silently when calling [AcquireTokenForClient](xref:Microsoft.Identity.Client.ConfidentialClientApplication.AcquireTokenForClient(System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable{System.String})).
```

> The **application token cache** which holds access tokens for this application. It's maintained and updated silently when calling [AcquireTokenForClient](xref:Microsoft.Identity.Client.ConfidentialClientApplication.AcquireTokenForClient(System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable{System.String})).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **application token cache** holds access tokens for this application. It's maintained and updated silently when calling [AcquireTokenForClient](xref:Microsoft.Identity.Client.ConfidentialClientApplication.AcquireTokenForClient(System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable{System.String})).
```
